I asked him how much Buddha and Dara can help me. I said 30-40% is something I already said there.
And that is the limits of the game.
So what is generally in the teaching, according to the teaching, the Buddha is helping all of us,
or as we have mentioned, is the basic continuation of sapantana all the time.
But we will resume that help to us, then maybe 40%, 30%, or even 10% or even 5%.
That way we will resume that help.
Let's evaluate the example. The sun is shining all the time, for example.
But according to the situation circumstances, we cannot get light all the time.
Why? It is not the arrow of the sun, the strength of the sun.
But according to the circumstances of the situation of blood.
Even the sun is right above us if there are thick clothes.
We want the sun only with the light, with daylight.
Similarly, Buddha is the help of the beneficial episode for races.
But due to our karma, due to our habit dependence of the clothes, we don't receive full power, full
benefit.
Because it is our blockage of our karma, our emotions, our obscurations.
That's what the lady teaching said.
This is the story also, for example, of a great master, Master Ashinga,
when he was practicing Magdira for 12 years.
This great master, Ashinga, he is one of the great masters in Buddhist history.
He is one of the great fellowships of physics,
tankers, science, or whatever we call it. He is one of the greatest ones.
And he was created by the Buddha Shakyamunyas.
But according to his behold, the material, the future of Buddha Magdira,
he practiced for 12 years.
During that time, in the two years, he had hardly any good dreams of that.
Many times, he tired and bored.
He just said, "Why this? I didn't see any signs. I'm going to leave this."
And finally, he left. After 12 years, he didn't have any signs.
He thought he would see the Buddha Magdira.
And he was going to ask questions about the Pandya Paramata.
Because Pandya Paramata teachings, I mean, it's not translated,
but Pandya Paramata teachings, such as big Pandya Paramata teachings,
there are so many repetitions.
So many repetitions, one after another, round after another.
He thought, "What is this? This?"
And I like to examine here what this means.
The Buddha don't really go there. But he said, "What is this? This?"
So, he asked, "Who will know?"
He went to the Magdira monk.
Nobody really can tell clearly that he is there.
And then he said, "If you can, only who will know is Magdira."
And they said, "So, I can see Magdira."
He is pushing to heaven, enjoying the gods of heaven.
"How can I see him?" He said.
"No, if you read the instruction, the teaching, practice it, you practice it,
then you really will see."
So, then he was excited, he read the instruction and the teaching,
and then he practiced. He went and retreated.
And he practiced there.
He told him that, kind of soon, he practiced not practicing,
he will see the Magdira.
But he didn't see, as he said, for 12 years.
He didn't see.
And then, he was really tired.
He was tired, bored. In a way, he was disappointed.
He said, "I'm going to leave now."
He left, finally left.
On the road, he sees one old dog.
Old dog, this lower part of the body is completely rotten and with maggots.
Maggots, right? Maggots.
And many of you know these stories, too.
So, I'm just telling that again.
And maggots.
And upper part of the body is still light.
And as soon as, I think, I put out your clothes,
she started barking. He started barking.
I think, always, like she, said, "Chimun."
So, she started barking.
He felt so compassionate.
Really thought, "Oh, how bad she is so sick.
She's so terrible situation."
But yet, he's trying to defend herself.
He felt so sad.
So, with his outward compassion, he tried to save her.
He gave some food.
Food and all these things.
This long story, let me tell you a few small stories.
But then, finally, when he's trying to,
first he's trying to move these maggots.
Maggots, even his teachings.
He cut his own part of flesh, body,
and then he's trying to move them.
But he can move easily those maggots.
He don't like to kill also maggots, too.
Maggots, he like to move.
He started thinking to move by the finger,
but the finger is too hard for the maggots.
He thought he was going to move with his tongues.
Tongues, even though it's bacteria and all those things.
But he didn't care, I think.
So, he closed his eye and he started moving,
trying to move that.
When his closed eye started moving by the tongue,
he said to him, "That tongue touched to the ground."
Then he did again, kind of like that.
Again, the tongue touched the ground.
Then he thought, "Why is this?"
He opened the eye, and there is no old drug.
There is no, this female maggot, that, right there.
The material is just glowing there, glowing there.
And then he jumped to it.
I said, "Jaunt to material."
Material emberist.
He said, "How are you?"
Unkind, uncomplicated.
I tried that long.
Even the reformist side.
[laughter]
And then materialist said,
"I was there the first day you came,
but you didn't saw me.
I was there all the time."
You never saw that.
Today, why you saw?
Because of your power, your compassion.
You saw me.
You call that whatever the block, whatever that is,
removed by the compassion that you have.
That is what you see.
And you take me to the, you take me to the,
we go to the villages, see, they can see me now.
So they went.
We're talking.
In the teaching said,
met, ascended carried on his shoulder,
and they went, and he asked the village,
"Do you see anything on my shoulder?"
Nobody saw anything.
He said, "What is great man?
What is talking?
You can see something."
One old lady saw again one dog,
kind of a dog that he's carrying.
He's carrying.
That's what he saw.
So these are just examples of this,
that lady in the teaching said.
So I just thought to tell that great man.
Thank you.